morning cyberspace tobin ater here
hanging out my level three garrison or
five days into warlords of draenor I am
loving every second of it blasted my
Mane up to level 100 I'm well on my way
with my second tune I'm gonna have
eleven tunes to a hundred and no time
but today I bring you a pet battle daily
as the title suggests gonna I'm gonna do
tutorial videos on my garrison the
buildings I chose how all of this works
why I'm loving it so far also
importantly what mistakes I made while
leveling my first tune and how to avoid
making the same mistakes apologies for
the two it is freezing in Toronto this
morning I just came in from going out to
get a coffee which I won't be able to
resist the urge to sip every now and
then and again so bear with me I will
bring up my rather ugly UI again and
show you once you hit level 100 you can
set up a pet menagerie in your garrison
and amongst other perks which I'll cover
in subsequent videos Sara over here the
battle pet master offers a daily which
I've already done for today but this is
the video tutorial that I want to show
you the tutorial is is for stitches jr.
so as we as we queue up here stitches
jr. is an undead legendary pet with six
thousand ninety seven health and
apologies I forgot to heal up and revive
my battle pets which Sara can do for you
free of charge which is great save those
bandages because you're gonna need them
anyways back to stitches here so
legendary undead six thousand ninety
seven health with three abilities cleave
and rage infected claw cleave is an
ability that just does about 150 damage
to all pets enrage increases stitches
Junior's damage by 100 percent for one
round
and simultaneously increases the damage
he takes by 50% for one round and
infected claws just a flat-out frontline
damage that deals anywhere between three
and really 450 damage
he's also got this other ability which
as I mouse over it right now you can't
see it because I'm having trouble with
the tooltip it's up there in the corner
hidden by my logo but it's called iron
thread stitches ignores attacks that do
less than 500 damage so before I cover
my pets I will just show you my first
ability here is bean which is supposed
to blast the target for a roughly 300
damage and it did nothing okay
so I am using the ethereal sole trader
mini mind Slayer and the unborn Valkyr
now the key ability here is life
exchange which both the ethereal soul
trader and mini mind Slayer have now
there are a total of five pets in the
game that have that have this ability so
you've just seen a theory or soil trader
and mini mind Slayer the other one is
the sprite darter hatchling which again
gets life exchange at level 15 the other
one is the nether fairy dragon mine
isn't level high enough yet but it gets
it at level 15 as well and the last one
is EULA now I am going to rather than
explain exactly where you get all those
pets I'm sure most of you know I'm just
gonna link to them right down there in
the notes I'll link to there Wow head
entry and it'll tell you everything you
need now I'm gonna tell you that for
this strat mini mind Slayers the only
mandatory pet and it's because it has
both life exchange and amplify magic
without amplify magic there are gonna be
very few abilities that do enough damage
to this guy remember anything left
less than 500 it just won't hit him okay
so you've got your pets set up here's
what you're gonna do you
gonna pass until your health on the
first pet with life exchange gets nice
and low to the point where one more
attack would kill you is ideal so
depending on it seems to be kind of
random does he cast leave does he class
infected claw I'm not willing to go any
lower than this so I'm in a life
exchange this first life exchange just
hit him 420 884 damage and it brought me
back up to full health now ideally I'm
gonna continue passing and if everything
goes well I'm gonna life exchange one
more time before swapping this pet out
the other thing you have to be very
conscious of is what's going on with
your backline pets as he's cleaving okay
so yeah I have to transit here and pass
one more time at 385 health luckily he
cleaved now I can block the next attack
with sole ward and now I can life
exchange one more time again that
brought me back up to full health and
hit him for another 1400 in damage now
it's time to sub in the unborn Valkyr
the only ability that matters here is
curse of doom so doesn't matter if he
kills you here because I'm bored valve
cares Undead it resurrects you're always
gonna get that curse of doom in and now
as a nice bonus I'm gonna cast unholy
ascension that's just gonna help with um
finishing him off by no means should it
be mandatory but it's a nice bonus okay
now it's time for a mini mind Slayer
which right away I'm gonna cast a life
exchange because I got cleaved all the
way down to 224 damage but that's okay
life exchange gives me 751 more health
and brings him down to 975 now that
there's only two rounds remaining on
curse of doom I'm safe to amplify magic
so what that's going to do is increase
the damage done by that curse of doom by
50% and in the meantime I'm gonna
Serg that curse of doom might not even
have the chance to go off in this case
it will because my mana surge only did
863 damage but that's it it's game over
so that that curse of doom killed him he
reincarnates which doesn't matter
because my ethereal soul trader is still
alive and down he goes so that was
stitches jr. very simple I know that was
quick but go ahead read the WoW head
entries slow the video down watch it
again and most importantly guys I'm
really trying to launch my channel I
want to start streaming I really want to
focus on tutorial how-to based content
so please leave a comment thumb up
subscribe if you like this type of
content and most importantly let me know
what you want to see next because I'll
do any videos that will help out the
gaming community and specifically the
well community thank cyberspace we'll
see on the next one